Moving summary table - adding bib to intro (#13)
ropenscilabs/FTCFOSS-Guide: intro.qmd

# Introduction

Making your first contribution to Open Source can be both empowering and yet very intimidating.

> A study[^1] analyzing the social barriers preventing newcomers from making their first contributions found that the three most important barriers are: 
> 

Reviewer: I think this edit more accurately reflects where these ideas come from. The original statement sounded like these three points were their conclusion, but I think these points are actually your ideas (based on their work), not their conclusions :) 

```suggestion
Steinmacher et al.[^1] identified 13 social barriers preventing newcomers from making their first contributions to open source software projects, including barriers related to Reception, Communication, and Orientation. We consider that most of these barriers are, in one way or another, related to: 

```

We hope this book will inspire and empower you to run your own events to support first-time contributors to open source software and translation projects.

> [^1]: Igor Steinmacher, Tayana Conte, Marco Aurélio Gerosa, and David Redmiles. 2015. Social Barriers Faced by Newcomers Placing Their First Contribution in Open Source Software Projects. In Proceedings of the 18th ACM Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work &amp; Social Computing (CSCW '15). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1379–1392. https://doi.org/10.1145/2675133.2675215

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^1]: Igor Steinmacher, Tayana Conte, Marco Aurélio Gerosa, and David Redmiles. 2015. Social Barriers Faced by Newcomers Placing Their First Contribution in Open Source Software Projects. In Proceedings of the 18th ACM Conference on Computer Supported Cooperative Work &amp; Social Computing (CSCW '15). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1379–1392. <https://doi.org/10.1145/2675133.2675215>
```
